go/README.md, before:

# Othello GO

Othello [Go](https://go.dev/) implementation.

## Usage

```console
A simple Othello CLI game implementation in Go

Usage:
  othello_go [SIZE] [flags]

Arguments:
  [SIZE]             Optional board size (4..10)

Flags:
  -a, --autoplay     Enable autoplay mode with computer control
  -c, --check        Autoplay and only print result
  -d, --default      Play with default settings
  -h, --help         help for othello_go
  -l, --log          Show game log at the end
  -n, --no-helpers   Hide disk placement hints
  -t, --test         Enable test mode with deterministic computer moves
  -v, --version      Print version and exit
```

## Run

```shell
go run .
```

## Build

Using script:

```shell
./build.sh
```

Manually:

```shell
go build -v
```

Note that version information only works when building with script since that sets the required variables.

## Install

```shell
go install
```

Check binary install target:

```shell
go list -f '{{.Target}}'
```

## Format code

Using [gofmt](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/gofmt)

```shell
gofmt -s -w .
```

## Lint code

Using [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/)

```shell
brew install golangci-lint

golangci-lint run
```

## Update dependencies

```shell
# check for available updates
go list -u -m all
# update a specific package
go get -u example.com/pkg
# update all dependencies
go get -u ./...
# cleanup
go mod tidy
go mod verify
```

Commit message:

Add Direction type instead of tuple for Move directions (#590)
* implement Direction and missing affected squares for all languages

* more direction

* update pre-commit config

* unpack

* update pre-commit config

* go direction

* python reorder code

* go lint fixes

* csharp: code cleanup and use affectedSquares

* pre-commit use sh for windows compability and skip swiftformat

* java use affectedSquares

* kotlin use affectedSquares

* cpp fixes

* bump cpp version

* rust match other implementations better

* bump versions

* update swift code

* downgrade swift version to 6.1 for GHA

* install swift dependencies in separate step

* fixes and add kotlin tests

* add go lint to pre-commit

* fix java tests

* add golangci-lint action

* fix c++ build on mac with new cmake version

go/README.md, after:

# Othello GO

Othello [Go](https://go.dev/) implementation.

## Usage

```console
A simple Othello CLI game implementation in Go

Usage:
  othello_go [SIZE] [flags]

Arguments:
  [SIZE]             Optional board size (4..10)

Flags:
  -a, --autoplay     Enable autoplay mode with computer control
  -c, --check        Autoplay and only print result
  -d, --default      Play with default settings
  -h, --help         help for othello_go
  -l, --log          Show game log at the end
  -n, --no-helpers   Hide disk placement hints
  -t, --test         Enable test mode with deterministic computer moves
  -v, --version      Print version and exit
```

## Run

```shell
go run .
```

## Build

Using script:

```shell
./build.sh
```

Manually:

```shell
go build -v
```

Note that version information only works when building with the script since that sets the required
variables.

## Install

```shell
go install
```

Check binary installation target:

```shell
go list -f '{{.Target}}'
```

## Format code

Using [gofmt](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/gofmt)

```shell
gofmt -s -w .
```

## Lint code

Using [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/)

```shell
brew install golangci-lint
scoop install main/golangci-lint

golangci-lint run
```

## Update dependencies

```shell
# check for available updates
go list -u -m all
# update a specific package
go get -u example.com/pkg
# update all dependencies
go get -u ./...
# cleanup
go mod tidy
go mod verify
```
